At the end of 1999, as a young father, I suddenly realized we have no control of our food.

I wondered why we, as a society, cannot achieve even our most basic needs.

I eventually discovered two, very different ‘Economies’.

Home: 'You' Own the Sources of Production (🌳), mostly Alone, to CONSUME those Products(🥑).
++ Abundance is never a fear because all Costs have already paid.
++ Owners are not tempted to DESTROY because Price has no meaning.
-- Production is not very well structured, so few goods and services are available.
-- Ownership is not held in Groups, so there very little Scale in Production.

Busi: 'We' Own the Sources of Production, in Groups, to SELL those Products.
-- Abundance may reduce Price so much that Costs cannot be recovered.
-- Owners are tempted to DESTROY to increase Price, to recover Costs.
++ Production is very well structured, so many goods and services are available.
++ Ownership is held in Groups, so Production can Scale.

Could we remix these models to resolve these conflicts?
Could we structure Production in Groups for all we need?

Home*Busi: 'We' Own the Sources of Production, in Groups, to CONSUME those Products.
++ Abundance is never a fear because all Costs have already paid.
++ Owners are not tempted to DESTROY because Price has no meaning.
++ Production is very well structured, so many goods and services are available.
++ Ownership is held in Groups, so Production can Scale.

....

We can SEPARATE Funding from Owning by selling Coins to the Rich.
We can MINT 1 Coin per SQUARE_METER, then sell those coins to buy that Land.

We will CONNECT Skills with Production by offering Product_Tickets (expiring COUPONS redeemable for finished goods and services) in exchange for Skill_Contract signatures (expiring COMMITMENTS to achieve future work).

We will CONNECT Skills with Sources by vesting Land Ownership to those who complete Skill_Contracts.
We will CONNECT Governance with Ownership by hodling Land in Groups to control that production.
We will CHANGE Why we Own Sources as we hodl productive assets to AVOID paying Profit and Rent.
We will REFLECT some Profit to the Payer so all Users gain Sources, as Saint IGNUcius has pled.
