https://bittrex.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=114093958872

"'
**NOTICE: On Tuesday, September 6th, 2022 the Ethereum (ETH) and Ethereum based token wallets will be temporarily closed for deposit and/or withdrawal starting at 17:30 UTC. See this article for more information.
Skip to main content
Logo
SUPPORT
BACK TO BITTREX.COM
Search...
Bittrex Support Submit a request
Submit a request
Aim to include as much information and detail in your request as possible to reduce delays between replies
Please select from the list below:
Submit Token for Listing Consideration (BUS Only)
Your email address
Subject
Please provide a short description of your issue.

Description

Please enter the details of your request. A member of our support staff will respond as soon as possible.

Are you the Developer or official representative of the token team?
-
If you are not one of the token developers or representatives from the token team we will not be responding to your ticket. Please do not submit this form if you answer NO.

Verified Account
Please provide a Verified Account of team member registered on Bittrex. This team member must be either a core developer or a major shareholder (10% or more) of a company that backs the development of the token. That member will need to submit identifying documents to get their account Verified through our automated system.

Email Address of Approved Corporate Account associated with the token(optional)
If you do not have a corporate account, please apply for one using the Corporate Account Request form (https://support.bittrex.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=360000026631) and provide the email address of the account here. NOTE: The company registering the account must be the token issuer for the purposes of listing due diligence.

Email Address(es) of Bittrex Account(s)
Please list all email addresses used for Bittrex accounts. If you have multiple accounts, please list any and all accounts by email address on separate lines.

Coin Name
Ticker Letters
The ticker needs to be 3-5 letters and cannot contain any symbols or numbers. Please verify that your preferred symbol is not already in use on Bittrex or any other exchange. There are a number of services that track coin prices that require the symbols to be unique. Even if the symbol is not on our exchange anymore, we won't reuse it. Consider your symbol carefully because we will not change it once it is set.

Description of Token
Why does it exist and what makes it unique? What new technology or business concept are you bringing to the blockchain? Why should Bittrex list it?

How can people use your token on mainnet right now?
Tell us how people can use your token right now. Can people earn and spend the token for a good or service? If you don't have current utility, tell us what utility you will have first and when it will be released.

Date of Mainnet Launch
Enter the past or future date of your token's mainnet launch

Date of Platform Launch
Enter the past or future date that your platform was/will be available to the public. If this is not applicable, enter the same date as your mainnet public release.

What code is your chain based on?
Let us know if your chain is forked from another chain or using code from a common source.

Is this an ERC20 token?
No
Is this an ERC20 holding token that will be replaced by another token in the future?
No
Github URL
We only accept source code. We will not run a binary that you provide us.

Official Blockchain Explorer(optional)
Please provide the link to your official blockchain explorer. You can include more than one, if necessary.

Official Website URL
Please provide the official website where official information and updates can be found.

Whitepaper URL
The whitepaper should be the most current and up to date version. The link should be the official version that is publicly accessible to all.

Social Media and Communication Channels(optional)
Please list any social media information such as your telegram channel, twitter account, facebook page, subreddit, etc.

Did you raise money/bitcoin to launch your token?
-
i.e. a CFC/ICO/Private Sale/SAFT

Do you or will you have a pre-mine?(optional)
If yes, please specify how much it is and whether it's escrowed.

What is the maximum supply of your token?(optional)
What is the current txfee for a transaction?(optional)
What other exchanges is this token currently listed?(optional)
Please list all exchanges that offer your token.

Do you have a US legal memo analyzing your token against US securities regulations?
-
US memos are not required for listing in the US on Bittrex.com, however, having one helps us in processing your request. US legal memos should be written by a credible law firm or lawyer familiar with US securities regulations. If Yes, please upload below as an attachment.

Does your token have a rating from the Crypto Rating Council?(optional)
-
This is not required at the time of request but is beneficial for listing in the US on Bittrex.com. The answer to this question helps us in processing your request. Further information about the Crypto Rating Council can be found here: https://www.cryptoratingcouncil.com/

Attachments(optional)
No file chosenAdd file or drop files here
© Bittrex Support

Facebook Twitter
Return to top

'"
