2018-12-10:
When I lost what I thought was my future, my life felt pointless without that inertia.
I was sure nothing could replace the vision of a tomorrow I had so long imagined.
Why, oh why was that turn taken?  Why was it not just another day?
My heart hurt.  My brain spun.  My guts full of self pity.
I didn't know where to go or what to do to make it stop.
But looking back at it, I think I knew even then.
Things grow and decay.
The pain is rain that will pass and become a new day.
You will see with wiser eyes and be reborn even greater than before.
What now seems the worst it could be, will become a stepping stone to a better way.

2018-12-07: Shareable.net/blog/how-renters-are-becoming-co-owners

2018-12-07:
"'Solidarity economies bring democracy to the workplace in the form of worker cooperatives, to land ownership and use through community land trusts and land banks, to the financial system through city-owned banks, and to the more traditional public sector with participatory budgeting and municipal ownership of vital infrastructure, including energy, transportation and internet infrastructure.'"

2018-12-06: EconTalk.org/glen-weyl-on-radical-markets

2018-12-05: JohnKeeley.com/other-peoples-ideas/david-harvey/commodities-values-class-relations

2018-12-05: fb.me/ProductFuturesFoundation

2018-12-05:
When you own property For Product,
you own future goods and services.

Just as when you own a tree, you own the fruit,
when you co-own a forest, you co-own the fruit.

There is no sale when the owners are the eaters.
And profit does not exist when there is no sale.

The price each pays as a consumer is the costs
that same person paid as owner and the product
itself becomes the natural return on investment.

Paying others for work is a cost of production.
But every worker is a consumer needing Property.

So Promises become Property as work is finished.
This protects workers from paying consumer rent.

This 'preallocates' products to the people who know they will need them and eliminates sales in the traditional sense.  Profit does not exist because purchase simply does not occur.

Workers who promise future labor receive immediate access to debt-free property on a work-to-own basis. This means workers gain real property ownership incrementally, as they fulfill work promises.

Each co-owner may decide some of the product they own is more than they want, and so declare it as 'surplus' to be sold to consumers with insufficient ownership.

The market sets the price when selling surplus, but some minimum % of profit must be treated as the payer's investment. This causes those who pay profit to slowly gain property ownership in the land and tools needed to create future instances of that kind of product, and so eventually also avoid paying profit.

2018-12-05: holo
