2022-11-22: A review of WorkAdventu.re after watching youtube.com/watch?v=h7UqvALMONs
Instead suddenly switching from deep thought to a full meeting,
the UI should mimic reality by showing others only when they are line-of-site,
and video quality (number of pixels) should be reduced by distance.
Audio volume (fidelity) is also reduced bydistance.

2022-11-12: Rant au Rest - Play to Own, Own for Good(s)
A Free as in Freedom production arena structured as a remixing of:

The GNU GPL Copyright License: Users must gain ownership in the Sources {land, water, plants, etc.} required to create and maintain the Products {goods and services} they use.

Zero-Copy networking, Bit-Blit: You do not buy that which you already own.  If the Product User is the Source Owner, there is NO SALE.

Crowd Funding, Halal Finance, Prepaid, Subscription: You may pay with Money, but we may charge Profit, Rent, or Interest.  Some of those financial returns *must* be invested for you, the paying user, so you also gain Sources.  This safely drives Profit, Rent and Interest toward zero for those owners.

Harberger Tax, Land Value Tax, Georgists, Geoists: With intentions similar to the GNU GPL, these proposals also address the hoarding of crucial Sources (Means of Production).  Instead of collecting tax, we reflect value as land ownership.

EarthShip.com
OneCommunityGlobal.org
Appropedia.org
GeoffLawton.com
OpenSourceEcology.org
so many others...

You may:
. Find Land (Propose real-estate listings)
. Bind Work (Sign Skill_Contracts)
. Gain Land (Source_Titles vest to you)

Money may seem to be better than fruit,
because fruit rots, and money does not.

But Money is not Value, it can only *Point* at Value.
Like a "Void Pointer" in the 'C' programming language.

The "Void Pointer" magic is that it can represent any Type of value.
In the real world, there are many layers to the many Types.  You might say there are many Types of Types.

The For_Product model identifies 5 Types of Types:
INVERSE-COIN: The money system in most countries today, backed by DEBT, so fundamentally unstable.
HODL-COIN: The "Number Go Up" game of collectibles such as Bitcoin, NFTs, earthChange, old physical money, stamps.
PRODUCT: A finished OUTPUT of production such as an Apple, Orange, Taxi ride, Dental exam.
SOURCES: All material, non-human INPUTS of production, such as land, water, spores, seeds, eggs, tools
SKILLS: All material, human INPUTS of production such as the thought and work required to transform SOURCES into PRODUCTS.

2022-11-08: The Everything Cafe - A Production of the Earth Change Operating System (ECOS)

    You MAY Wash and Leave.  We Love You!
    You MUST Wash to Enter.  You Love Us!

Essential Food and Medicine require Land and Water and Work.

This DAO buys Land and Water and Tools and Schedules Work.

You MAY Propose Sources for the DAO to acquisition.
You MAY Sign a Work_Contract to apply for Occupancy.
If you QUALIFY, you may move onsite.

The DAO mints 1 earthChangeⒸ for each M²,
then auctions those Coins to buy
the Sources of Production required
to make the Goods and Services we need.

LAND: Surface area of the Earth.
PLACE: A *specific* portion of LAND.  "My place."
GRID: An 'addressable' map representing any LAND.
CELL: Usually 1 M² of LAND.
TILE: A proposal for future production
