https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-DznsMquBDOtNO1qEtNNN0RECoYYsZKxYL-_lHQ71WI/
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IhT6n2lo8iDjYDbiGfu1MFj5En8auaGT/


                           Patrick T Anderson
                         Software Engineer
                       Patrick-T-Anderson@gmail.com
                     LinkedIn.com/in/patricktanderson

Objectives:

Experience:
Written many cross-platform multi-threaded apps, services, and some device drivers.
Debugged, simplified and re-architected code to increase reliability and performance.


Timeline:
Token Engineer and Economic Systems Architect -- TheKinDAO.com  Jun 2021 – Present (1 yr 1 mo)
Implement earthChange coin to fund without debt or equity.
Develop Ricardian Contracts defining the For Product model:
  Product Tickets (coupons redeemable for future production)
  Work Contracts (commitments to achieve future labor)
  Source Titles (land ownership, water rights, mineral rights).


Software Tools Engineer -- ettain group  Dec 2019 – Dec 2021 (2 yrs 1 mo)
Automate the testing of Google Assistant on Android using Python on Linux.


President -- Product Futures Foundation  Apr/2018 - Present
Create For Product business model to invoke Open Source supply chains.
Rework smart contract concept as Language Enabling Natural Systems.
Define DAO interface to buy and sell future goods and services.


Senior Software Engineer -- Sling TV  May 2016 – Mar 2018 (1 yr 11 mos)
Repair, redesign and rewrite the core of in-house C++/lua video player.
Triage and resolve issues with threading, resource locking, scheduling.
Build, pack, test Android, Roku, iOS, tvOS with BASH, Jenkins, Python.


Senior Software Engineer -- RackWare  Dec 2013 – Nov 2015 (2 yrs)
Simplify and extend their file-based imaging suite using C++, BASH, Batch.
Build, package, test, verify and report using BASH, Python, git, Jenkins.
Automate VM management for AWS, IBM Cloud, vSphere, KVM, XEN, VirtualBox.


Software Engineer IV -- StorageCraft Technology, LLC  Oct 2008 – Oct 2013 (5 yrs 1 mo)
Extend block-based imaging suite using cross-platform OO-C and C++.
Write plugins to read/write VHD and VHDX for Windows, Linux, macOS.
Integrate VMware VDDK libraries for VMDK and ESXi targets over REST.
Automate build system to compile, sign, package, verify and report.
Write skeleton snapshot driver for HFS+ on macOS using C and Xcode.


Founder -- Social Sufficiency Coalition  Aug 2005 – Oct 2008 (3 yrs 3 mos)
Start GNUnix as a GNU+Linux distro and begin basic Linux programming.
Write autolink static website generator with Emacs Lisp, XHTML and CSS.
Write Intra Owner Trade Agreement as property contract for social goals.


Software Engineer III -- Altiris  Aug 2000 – Aug 2005 (5 yrs 1 mo)
Write thin C++ library to automate resource management and simplify the API.
Write Win32 Service to allow remote administration of any Windows client.
Debug, repair and extend Windows drivers to read and write hardware settings.
Write dynamic virtual file system for incremental backup to removable media.


Software Engineer II -- Novarad  Aug 1999 – Aug 2000 (1 yr 1 mo)
Integrate DICOM transport and JPEG2k compression into C++ medical imaging client.
Design predictive caching SCSI robotic tape archiver and begin C implementation.


Software Engineer -- Netschools   Jul 1997 – Aug 1999 (2 yrs 2 mos)
Develop UDP/IP packet generator and simple sniffer for IR network.
Develop Windows logon provider in C using SSPI and Blowfish encryption.
Help develop write-protection for Windows 9x filesystem and registry.
Extend RAM paging driver and keyboard filter driver using MS WDK.


Software Engineer -- BioVision Motion Capture  Jun 1996 – Jun 1997 (1 yr 1 mo)
Develop parsers and C++ glue code to import motion capture data.
Develop other tools to simplify and automate motion data transforms.
Use matrix mathematics and spline approximations to smooth sparse data.


Software Tester -- IBM Eduquest  Feb 1996 – Jul 1996 (6 mos)
Track and fix application bugs in C++ educational software.
Help write code to translate between Postscript, PCL, PDDP.


Independent tutor for C and C++

Teacher's Aid for "Discrete Structures and Combinatorial Mathematics" I and II

Education
Brigham Young University -- Bachelor of Science - BS, Computer Science  1995 – 1998
